# started with only ubuntu-minimal installed.

# nano
nano 

# git 
git git-man liberror-perl

# openssh-server
libedit2 libssl1.0.0 libwrap0 openssh-client openssh-server
openssh-sftp-server

# jdk
ca-certificates-java fontconfig-config fonts-dejavu-core java-common
libavahi-client3 libavahi-common-data libavahi-common3 libcups2
libfontconfig1 libjpeg-turbo8 libjpeg8 liblcms2-2 libnspr4 libnss3 libxext6
libxi6 libxrender1 libxtst6 openjdk-8-jdk-headless openjdk-8-jre-headless
x11-common

# usbutils (for lsusb)
usbutils

# apache2
apache2 apache2-bin apache2-data apache2-utils libapr1 libaprutil1
libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3 libaprutil1-ldap liblua5.2-0 ssl-cert

# gcc
gcc gcc-7 libasan4 libatomic1 libc-dev-bin libc6-dev libcc1-0 libcilkrts5
libgcc-7-dev libgomp1 libitm1 liblsan0 libmpx2 libquadmath0 libtsan0
libubsan0 linux-libc-dev manpages-dev

# cups
acl avahi-daemon bc bind9-host colord colord-data cups cups-browsed
cups-client cups-common cups-core-drivers cups-daemon cups-filters
cups-filters-core-drivers cups-ipp-utils cups-ppdc cups-server-common
dconf-gsettings-backend dconf-service fontconfig fonts-droid-fallback
fonts-noto-mono geoip-database ghostscript gsfonts hicolor-icon-theme
imagemagick imagemagick-6-common imagemagick-6.q16 libavahi-core7
libavahi-glib1 libbind9-160 libcairo2 libcolord2 libcolorhug2 libcupscgi1
libcupsfilters1 libcupsimage2 libcupsmime1 libcupsppdc1 libdatrie1 libdconf1
libdjvulibre-text libdjvulibre21 libdns1100 libexif12 libfftw3-double3
libfile-copy-recursive-perl libfontembed1 libgd3 libgeoip1 libgphoto2-6
libgphoto2-l10n libgphoto2-port12 libgraphite2-3 libgs9 libgs9-common
libgusb2 libgutenprint2 libharfbuzz0b libieee1284-3 libijs-0.35 libilmbase12
libisc169 libisccc160 libisccfg160 libjbig0 libjbig2dec0 liblouis-data
liblouis14 liblouisutdml-bin liblouisutdml-data liblouisutdml8 liblqr-1-0
libltdl7 liblwres160 libmagickcore-6.q16-3 libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra
libmagickwand-6.q16-3 libnetpbm10 libnss-mdns libopenexr22 libpango-1.0-0
libpangocairo-1.0-0 libpangoft2-1.0-0 libpaper-utils libpaper1 libpixman-1-0
libpoppler73 libqpdf21 libsane-common libsane1 libthai-data libthai0
libtiff5 libwebp6 libwmf0.2-7 libxcb-render0 libxcb-shm0 libxpm4 netpbm
poppler-data poppler-utils printer-driver-gutenprint qpdf sane-utils
update-inetd

# jmtpfs
jmtpfs libmtp-common libmtp-runtime libmtp9

# bpython3
bpython3 javascript-common libjs-jquery libjs-sphinxdoc libjs-underscore
python3-argcomplete python3-argh python3-blessings python3-certifi
python3-chardet python3-curtsies python3-greenlet python3-idna
python3-pathtools python3-pkg-resources python3-pygments python3-requests
python3-six python3-urllib3 python3-watchdog python3-wcwidth

